Episode 1. West

“Hey!”

it's tough.

It's been a long time since I've been upset, and my lungs are about to tear. The most severely abused limbs languished like weeds.

Even the long sword, which sounded as light as a whip, was now no different than hundreds of iron ingots.

I was waiting for my breathing to subside at random, but at the moment, something suddenly struck me from the inside of my chest.

“Ooooh!!”

Goddamn it, did you eat Seonjiguk for breakfast?

My eyes spun around. It was hard to come to my senses, perhaps because so much blood was spilled in an instant.

'Move, move!'

He bit his tongue. I was awakened by the excruciating pain.

grasp!

The scenery quickly changed on either side of him as he began to run forward again.

'Just a little further... … .'

Beyond this forest, there is a safe house he has secretly prepared.

All kinds of rare elixirs and medicinal materials are stored there, so if you can arrive safely, you will be able to rejuvenate your now dead body.

It was then.

'100 million?!'

Covering the bright moonlight, someone jumped down.

'Shit. Damn, it's an excellent stealth technique.'

The black sword that appeared without a sign and wielded it came aiming at the shoulder like lightning.

Chen Ha-jin's eyes shook.

'Death Army!'

The strongest assassin in the southern part of the Central Plains who waits for the right time and attacks at the right time.

Chun Ha-jin instinctively twisted his body.

Chow ah!

A deep wound was engraved on the chest of the masked man who collapsed.

Killed one of the three best assassins in the world in one blow. Normally, I would have given her a glance, but now is not the time to do that.

The situation was too bad for me to dwell on my feelings.

Papababak!

how long did it run

'Suck!'

Chun Ha-jin stopped for a moment and looked around.

night forest. The field of view is not properly secured. The eyes that could see through the darkness were second to none, but the trees were densely covered.

'… … .'

The bubbling breathing just stopped. Rather, the body calmed down when it was extremely dangerous.

Chen Ha-jin took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

After a while.

"come out."

As I uttered a calm word, an admiring voice flowed from the far front.

“Are you great?”

Bubbly.

A woman who approaches, revealing herself completely as if there is no reason to hide her presence.

Gee ying.

It was such a great prayer that she hallucinated as if all the thick trees were leaning to the left and right of the path she was walking on.

Chun Ha-jin's face was distorted like crumpled paper.

There are so many people I hate to see in the world, but among them, one of the people I hate the most has appeared.

“King Biyo.”

The woman smiled.

“It’s an honor, you remember me. Did you see it five or six years ago?”

Although she was an unparalleled beauty with an appearance that seemed to be just over 30 and a mature atmosphere, Chun Ha-jin was not fooled by her appearance.

She looks like she can't kill a single bug on the outside, but in reality, she's a crazy killer who says that if she doesn't commit murder for even a day, she will suffer from insomnia.

Seruk.

King Biyo laughed at the sight of Cheon Ha-jin aiming a sword at her.

“Are you going to fight?”

“We don’t have any hobbies that we quietly stick out again.”

“Just go easy? I don't think I'll be able to last a couple of days anyway.”

“Won’t you know how long and short it is?”

“Does it make sense if you dare to say something you know just by looking at it?”

“It’s good, I know a lot. If I eat about sixty, will I become as knowledgeable as you?”

King Biyo's face grew cold.

Appearing to be in her thirties, she was actually in her sixties. It is to maintain the beauty of youth with eye makeup.

Of course, I had no choice but to be sensitive about talking about my age.

King Biyo snorted.

“I can’t do anything to die.”

"You're going to live if I beg you?"

“At least I can give you the generosity of not tearing your ribs off before you die.”

such a cruel year.

Chun Ha-jin's eyes were bloodshot.

“It’s okay, so come in quickly if you want to come in, bitch.”

"oh? Do you really think there is some secret?”

“What’s so scary about a sixty-year-old grandmother who only knows how to speak softly?”

King Biyo stared blankly at Cheon Ha-jin, who was pouring out harsh words as if he had made up his mind.

'… … not good.'

A cold sweat broke out on Chen Ha-jin's back.

King Biyo is one of the ten masters in the world. If you have skills that are counted among ten fingers in the endless midfield continent, you should just look at them as monsters.

Of course, Chun Ha-jin was no different.

He was also called the Killing King and was considered one of the top 10 masters.

The problem was that his martial arts specialized in assassination rather than head-to-head combat. Even after a chase that lasted for several days, his physical condition was at its worst.

It was a fight with a clear outcome.

Of course, it would be different if he used the one move that made him come through the crisis so far.

Weiying.

When Cheon Ha-jin's long sword had a blue energy, King Biyo's eyes also stood out.

The energy emanating from the sword was unusual. He deserved to be called one of the top 10 masters to extract such energy from a body that wouldn't be strange even if he lost his breath right away.

However, it was not because of Chun Ha-jin's potential that she was surprised.

“It was true.”

"what?"

“That you were a murderer that you decided and raised in the Uicheon League.”

“… … !”

Chun Ha-jin's face hardened.

King Biyo smiled.

“As expected, there must have been a reason why Iron Blood Castle requested me.”

If Uicheonmaeng thoroughly pursued the right way, the iron-blooded castle pursued the path that lies on the border between politics and politics.

The reason why the iron-blooded castle made a request directly to King Biyo.

“Your true qi is permeated with disgusting jeong qi and good qi. It's definitely from the Gudaemun faction.”

It was because King Biyo inherited the teachings of the evil god, who was called the hero of Sapa in the past.

It was her martial arts that could detect political martial arts most sensitively and accurately, except for the magical arts of the Cheonma Shinkyo (天魔神敎), which had been banned from external activities for more than 30 years.

“What difference does knowing that make?”

“It will change.”

King Biyo's eyes shone brightly.

“A lot of things can change.”

Chun Ha-jin didn't ask what it was.

Taking a breath, he said.

“It must have been Sang-Blood that captured Sagun and Jeoksaloo.”

King Biyo smiled.

"that's right. And all the elite members of the Eight Iron Kings you killed in three days belonged to the Iron Blood Castle.”

“… … .”

“It's really great. I wondered how they were able to kill so many masters, no matter how much they aimed to capture them alive.”

It was no wonder that King Biyo was surprised.

The 8 Cheolwangsae were the eight powers that supported Danggeum Iron Blood Castle.

Although the number of individual members was small, each one was an organization composed of top-notch masters. He single-handedly killed as many as two hundred of them and fled.

Even the day before, even the heavenly and earthly twins, said to be approaching the level of a teenager, were slaughtered in half an hour.

Considering that he suffered internal and external injuries as well as problems with physical strength and endurance, it was a truly terrifying feat. It is not enough to be called the death god, not the king of death.

One reason why this is possible.

"I'm sure you've learned the old school's martial arts. It is also a secret skill.”

Chen Ha-jin did not answer. You wouldn't believe it even if you denied it, and it was true.

Chun Ha-jin, who was still glaring at King Biyo, suddenly smiled.

“I can understand why you, who likes to spill blood more than talk, talk a lot.”

"What? Guess."

“It must be an extension of the reason why the Iron Blood Castle wanted to capture me alive. He wanted confidential information about the Gupa martial arts and Uicheon League from me.”

King Biyo smiled.

“You are smart.”

It's a fact that you can know if you think about it until you're not very stupid.

However, he is Cheon Ha-jin, who has not been able to sleep for three days.

The ability to observe the situation so calmly with a body that would not be strange even if he died right away was something that no one could show.

However, Chun Ha-jin's insight did not end there.

“Of course you don’t intend to end there, do you?”

"what?"

“Aren’t you planning on robbing the old school of martial arts, confidential information, and ignoring the request of the Iron Blood Castle?”

King Biyo's face hardened.

Chen Ha-jin looked up at the sky and sighed.

“Anyway, why are there so many people who are not loyal to Gangho?”

Uicheon Meng put on the mask of justice and trained a killer like himself behind the scenes.

Not only did they train them, but they threw them into a hell where they couldn't survive unless they killed each other. At that time, Cheon Ha-jin was only 13 years old.

There is only one reason why Uicheonmaeng trained so viciously.

It was to kill the other two of the three generations of Gangho, the Iron Blood Castle and the heads of the Heavenly Demon Goddess. By doing so, it was to create a world of Uicheonmaeng completely.

And Chun Ha-jin grew very powerfully according to the wishes of Ui-Chun-Ming.

King Biyo licked his lips.

“You are very quick to notice.”

“Thank you for the compliment.”

It's an expression that seems to be oblivious to some unknown reason.

King Biyo comforted him with kind words.

“I don't need anything else. Confidential documents of the Uicheon League are good, but what am I going to do on my own? but… … .”

her eyes sparkled

“Gupa’s martial arts. Just give it to me and I will save you.”

“You are already dying. Not a very attractive deal.”

“Is it because of the blood?”

Chen Ha-jin's eyes widened.

“Do you know blood?”

King Biyo snorted.

“I passed the school of the evil god. He is well versed in witchcraft and science, as well as all kinds of poisons.”

“… … Right."

“And if you are my sailor, I can remove the blood from your body.”

Blood.

It was the worst method used by Uicheonmaeng to control the overly strong Chun Ha-jin. As long as the blood clots in his body, he will never betray his will.

Yes. As long as there is blood.

Chun Ha-jin laughed.

King Biyo flinched.

“Why are you laughing?”

“Hey, Grandma Biyo.”

“… … .”

“Did you think I was being chased by the Sangvis Castle?”

"what?"

Chun Ha-jin playfully flicked his long sword.

“Because I kept doing that for three days, three days, I wanted something. yes. For three days, I was chased 'only' by the Sangvis.”

"then?"

“Today is seven weeks. I was being chased by the Uicheon Blindness, I.”

King Biyo felt terrified at the words of Cheon Ha-jin, who gnashed his teeth and spat out as if he was fed up.

If so, does that mean that he killed all the masters of that level with the body that shook off the troops of the Uicheonmaeng?

“Why in the Uicheon League… … ? Did you, by any chance, decipher the blood?"

Chen Ha-jin was silent.

She was right. He detoxified blood clots seven days ago.

The Uicheon Meng side immediately recognized it. Like other solitudes, blood is also divided into male and female, and if one dies, the other is not safe.

'shit.'

teeth were split

In order to get out of the hell called Uicheonmaeng, he was benevolent for thirty years.

I already knew how to detoxify blood clots five years ago. However, at the time, I had no confidence to escape if I was trapped in their dream.

There was a reason why he trained with blood and sweat for five years.

Anyway, in four days, he broke through the Chunra of the Uicheon League.

I couldn't have imagined that even the Sangvis would intervene in this mess.

'It's a fucking life, a fucking world.'

At first, laments came out.

As time passed, I even thought about giving up on life.

now?

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

King Biyo took a step back without realizing it.

Chun Ha-jin, who closed his eyes while holding his long sword tightly, let out a terrifying life. It was the murder of King Sal, the first murderer in the world and the secret former member of the Gudaemun faction.

Chun Ha-jin opened his eyes.

Flash!

Explosive anger formed in the glowing eyes.

“Gupa’s martial arts? will you save me? It sucks. Do you know that you don’t know the poisonous mind like Sagal of yours?”

King Biyo swallowed his saliva without realizing it.

If you stick, you will definitely win. However, in front of this tremendous spirit, I couldn't help but stiffen my body for a moment.

“I lived in the hands of others for thirty years. I feel sorry for my life now.”

Woo woo woo!

The light burning from the long sword became stronger, and later, even the blade was not visible.

“I will say it one last time. Get out of the way, get off this stage in peace.”

“… … .”

"Then at least you'll be able to save that filthy life."

King Biyo's face distorted like a demon at once.

“Where is this guy who is dying bluffing!”

Chun Ha-jin growled.

“You stupid bitch! I'm not the problem! Even the troops of the Uicheonmaeng, who had been thrown off because of the iron-blooded ones, caught up again!”

“What, what?!”

“And if you have a head, think about it! You're iron-blooded, don't you know your greed! It's obvious that there will be a tosagupaeng!”

King Biyo's eyes shook.

Perhaps because of his high level of martial arts and arrogance, he did not seem to have thought that he would be robbed no matter how great the opponent was.

"Move! Let's find our own way to live!”

“… … .”

“If you don’t get out of the way, everyone will die… … .”

"don't worry."

King Biyo grinned.

As she slowly lifted her hand, her manicured nails grew longer and turned red.

“I'm not an idiot like you. And I never let the one who insulted me live.”

Whoa!

A thick evil spirit was released from King Biyo's body.

An aura far more unique than living. The masters who felt the fraud began to flock from far away.

“Aren’t you going to tell me? Your eyes look like that.”

Flash!

Beyond the suffocating fraud, even a frenzied life flowed out.

“Then die, you worthless bastard.”

Chun Ha-jin smiled.

It was a laugh mixed with all sorts of emotions, including anger, sadness, desperation, and despair.

“I will prove my usefulness, bitch.”

Faaaaang!

Chun Ha-jin ran towards her.

King Biyo also ran towards him.

The knives and nails of the two men and women collided head-on.

Quaang!

Episode 2. funny lightning bolt (1)

great battle.

A darkness that was difficult to handle even with the numerous firelights hung at regular intervals on the left and right walls dominated the entire Daejeon area.

Bubbly.

Someone walked across the center of Daejeon. It was the sound of footsteps that coexisted with confidence and caution.

Seruk.

The man stopped walking and slowly knelt down.

“Invincibility of religious beliefs, omnipresence of demons. The great protection law of Protestantism has an audience with the religious leader.”

A low voice cut through the darkness.

After a while.

Woo woo woo.

Even in Daejeon, the darkest side of Taesa.

A pair of blue phosphorescent lights rose from it. It was a grotesque look that would cause a seizure just by looking at it if you were a weak person.

“What are you doing?”

shiver.

A cold sweat broke out on the man's neck.

Just hearing your voice makes your body tense up first. The presence that the owner of those blue eyes gave off was so great.

The man shook his head even more.

“I have something to report to you.”

self.

A faint smoke rose from the floor of Taesa. Even if he didn't say anything, I could tell that he was feeling uncomfortable.

The man understood him. No, I didn't dare to understand God, but I understood the situation he was in.

Undoubtedly, the strongest martial god of the Protestant religion is about to climb another step. I can't feel good about being interrupted at that important moment.

“Tell me.”

The man let out a sigh of relief.

“The Three Gongja have awakened.”

“The third one?”

"That's right. but... … .”

“… … .”

“I lost all martial arts due to excessive fusion.”

The time of silence that came once more was short.

“The Great Law.”

“Tell me, Master.”

“Do not post any more reports until three months after the closing.”

“… … All right."

“Go see.”

"yes. Before that, what will you do with the Three Gongja?”

The blue phosphorescence has disappeared. There was no reply either.

The man bowed his head.

“I earnestly wish you to achieve great achievements.”

After those words, how long had passed since the man withdrew?

Flash!

The blue phosphorescence that had faded spewed out lightning bolts in an instant.

* * *

Now, let's think about it.

Three swords in the belly, four spears in the back, seven arrows in the thighs and hips.

His left arm was blown off by the nails of an all-weather social misfit, and his right leg was blown off by a knife cut by a late captain of the Uicheon League. It was difficult to count the number of memorizations that filled his body, and his spine was broken by an unknown mace.

This is a fatal wound that even the Primordial Heavenly Zone cannot survive. It is an injury that will hit you from the death sentence as soon as you see it.

After all, I am only human. Therefore, it is right to die.

And I was actually blown away. I also remember that the crazy bitch pulled my neck out like a baeksuk leg.

okay. I'm dead.

by the way.

“Confucius, is the temperature okay?”

clack clack.

“Confucius, it’s time to drink the decoction.”

Gulp.

"Confucius, it's time for a massage."

oops, that's good

"Confucius, it's time to take a nap."

… … .

“Gongja-nim… … . Confucius... … .”

“… … stop."

"yes?"

“Stop it now.”

"yes?"

“Leave me alone.”

"yes?"

“Ugh.”

“Gongja?”

“… … Please leave me alone!”

The startled maid fell on her face.

“Sin, sorry! Please kill the girl!”

“If I killed you, why would I kill you?! first… … .”

“Please kill me!”

“Oh, I won’t kill you, so don’t be crazy and get out! Get out!”

“I’m sorry, Gongja-nim! I will serve you with all my heart, so please... … !”

“Aaaaaaa!”

“Hehe, black… … .”

“… … .”

“… … .”

"that… … . I have something to think about. Would you like to leave your seat?"

"yes yes!"

The maid hurriedly left the room. Even in the midst of such a hurry, I could tell how scared the opponent was just by saying hello and leaving without making a single footstep.

But Chun Ha-jin wasn't sorry at all. His mind was extremely confused and sensitive right now to take care of the feelings of the maid he didn't even know the name of.

“Damn it, what the hell is this?”

After waking up again in a new body, I was so confused that I was helpless in a daze. Well, in the first place, my muscles and joints were all stiff, so I couldn't stand up.

Anyway, that's not what's important.

“Am I really alive?”

Chun Ha-jin looked at the large mirror placed on the other side of the room.

There, a thin young man in his early twenties was sitting on a bed.

'… … The character is good.'

The overall look is fine, but the features are very distinct. It was an impression of strength and softness coexisting.

Chun Ha-jin crumpled his facial muscles. I laughed and also frowned.

'hmm.'

Even if you squash it, you're better than me. I really like that one... … not!

“Cippa, is this the time to like it!”

Calm down and let your head roll.

'First of all, where is this place? It looks like a high-ranking family.'

Could the son of a decent family have suffered from a serious illness?

Chun Ha-jin closed his eyes for a moment, then slowly opened them and let out a long sigh.

“Are you a warrior?”

The qi and cervical veins were all tangled, the blood vessels were tattered, and the dantian looked like shriveled pig urine.

However, all of those elements prove that this body has honed its internal energy. Ordinary civilians would not have come across martial arts, so it was clear that he belonged to a certain Murim family.

'By the way damn it, being alive is good.'

At this level, she was in a state comparable to that of an eighty-year-old old woman. It wouldn't be strange if he passed out soon.

“I would have been at ease if I had come as a child of a slash-and-burn farmer.”

Chun Ha-jin, who was grumbling, stopped.

"no. Where are you even alive? I'm grateful that I didn't reincarnate as a woman."

If the soul was a man but the body was a woman, it would have been very embarrassing. You may have seriously thought about your gender identity.

Chun Ha-jin clenched his fists.

Yes, let's appreciate reality and accept the situation. Didn't they say that the worst of all wastes is a waste of time?

“The important thing is being able to live again.”

My body has reached this point, but I still don't know where I am.

You can still live. You can draw your own future.

It was the first time in my life that I was able to make a 'choice'.

throbbing.

My heart raced.

The air was cool, but the nape of his neck was damp. The blood seemed to circulate twice as fast throughout the body.

'now… … .'

A long-cherished and long-cherished wish that has kept him in hell for the past years.

'Can I really live a free life now?'

The training you don't want, the killing you don't want, the control you don't want.

I lived my whole life being swayed by the Uicheon lord, an old man who would not be happy even if I chewed on him.

But isn't it because you made it stronger? If you were born as a Moorim person and rose to the ranks of a teenage master, wouldn't that in itself be an honor?

It's an unfortunate dog noise.

Even with broken limbs, they did not provide support. He didn't even get better, but he sent another assassination attempt. I didn't even count after ninety-nine times how many deaths I had passed.

I tried to meet a woman, but every bitch I met was a crazy killer, and when I tried to soothe my loneliness, the only alcohol I found was cheap baekju.

At least, do you give me a monthly salary?

The lord of Uicheon said this.

- We all support them anyway, so what are you giving them for? Do you know how to spend money?

pup. wicked bastard.

It's a truly miserable life. Teenage masters and murder kings, despite their flashy names, were nothing more than tools in the end.

“… … good."

Chun Ha-jin's face gradually turned red with excitement.

Say goodbye to the past now. No matter where I am, no matter what the status of this body is, whether I have a family or not, I don't need it.

I'll find my freedom I will live like a human.

A man's desire burst openly from his tightly clenched fist.

* * *

Ten days have passed since he came back to life with a new body.

"hmm."

Chun Ha-jin tapped the ground with his toe.

center did not collapse. The degenerated muscles were held properly, and even the stiff joints were at least flexible.

'done.'

He called for joy in his heart.

In the first place, I was not in a body that would get better with a few acupuncture points and a few massages. My stomach is full, but will the treatment work properly?

Freedom or anything else can be enjoyed only when the body is in good shape. So he made a decision to save his country.

Just removing the short circuit.

Even if it is crushed and twisted, a dantian is a dantian. However, it was self-evident that if I left it as it was, I would have to continue living like an idiot. Before that, it would not be long before he died due to the takgi rising from the rotten danteon.

It's better to take it out than to use it and even get in the way.

“Congratulations, Gongja!”

The maid, who glanced at her, prostrated herself.

“Your condition has improved, so tell the doctor right away… … .”

“Please leave for a while.”

"yes!"

The maid hurried out.

Chun Ha-jin, left alone, lay down on the bed. My joints weren't flexible enough to sit cross-legged yet.

But don't worry. It's not worth as much as Kukgeori, but it's not like he won the fame - or notoriety - of King Sal with mahjong.

He closed his eyes and opened his mouth.

'Guuiguyeon(究意九煙), Bungongrushjin(焚空碎津), Yeompajetak(念波制濁), Woowoosangmun(宇雨祥門)... … .'

Tsutsutsutsu.

Suddenly, a faint haze rose from his body.

In an instant, the temperature in the room rose. It didn't smell particularly bad, but the air was very stuffy.

it was takgi

A large amount of takgi that engulfed Cheon Ha-jin's body was released outside the body.

'good. Now it rolls on its own.'

What he operated was the study of Muae Gong (無碍功).

It was a martial art made by referring to some of the martial arts of the Gupailbang, and it had excellent efficacy in removing takgi from the body and seeking internal stability.

In his past life, Chun Ha-jin invested a great deal of time in martial arts.

Of course, of course, he had no support team at all. There was no one to detoxify, no one to cure, no one to hand over a piece of beef jerky.

To him, who had to handle everything himself, Muae Gong was a lifeline itself. The realization had to be different.

The reason Wakong (臥功) was possible was there.

'Because he's like a clumsy guy. I live thanks to you.'

It tickled all over the body. The injured blood vessels were returning to normal little by little.

Pussss.

At one point, his skin turned pale. It was because the takgi, which had not completely escaped, began to spin around inside the body.

'This far.'

Chun Ha-jin licked his lips again and opened his eyes.

“The level is still low. I can't help it.”

Well, at this point, the intended purpose has been achieved.

Chun Ha-jin, who stretched as much as he could, sat up.

“I can barely move, but… … .”

Chun Ha-jin, who was shaking his head slightly from side to side, suddenly crumpled his face.

“Where the hell is this anyway?”

There was only one, but there was a maid, and the voice of Confucius came out of the maid's mouth.

It is said that he has a high status, but for the past 10 days, no one has visited him except for the lawmakers.

I could have asked the maid something, but I forgot. If you can't heal your body anyway, even if you're here in paradise, it's meaningless.

But now I needed to find out where this place was.

“Are you there?”

No words came from outside the door.

"doesn't exist? Where did you go?”

still no words to be heard

“Sheesh, where are you going?”

Hagiya's body was at this point, so Muae-gong's fortune-telling time was quite long. Even maids are people, so they must have been hungry for Sophie or wanted to drink water.

… … Damn, I could have asked to get my personal details sorted though. You live only looking at your nose.

Cheon Ha-jin, who clicked his tongue briefly inside, closed his eyes and contemplated the inside.

'no. I'm not in a state where I can save my senses.'

A strong man who has achieved his own unique martial art by mixing the merits of a warrior and a martial artist.

What made him uniquely better than other masters was his super sense.

If the teenagers read 10 chapters, he read 30 chapters. If they felt the presence of dozens, he felt the presence of hundreds.

It was also the decisive reason why he was able to break through the Chunra Mang of the Heavenly Mansion and Iron Blood Castle. It would have been crazy for them to break through by picking only the weakest corner.

I can't implement that admirable martial art right now.

“I can’t just go out blindly.”

There is a time to be bold and a time to be considerate. Let's wait for the child to come.

Chen Ha-jin glanced around.

'It's gorgeous, but it's very fancy.'

It is a room decorated with paintings, ceramics, and all kinds of art objects. Bedding was also an expensive item made of the finest silk.

'This is a really great family... … huh?'

He rubbed the blanket with his thumb and forefinger.

'Isn't this normal silk?'

It has a much softer texture, and the engraved patterns are also different from those of the central or northern part of the continent. It was only now that I saw what I ate because I was so distracted.

'The needle dye is also a very bright red color.'

I've seen red silk until I'm tired of it, but I've never seen a color this deep... … .

what?

'hmm. I think I've seen it once.'

ah! yes.

“I think he was one of the seven magical families?”

Yeah, when I killed that high-ranking person, the bedding in that guy's room was like this.

Chun Ha-jin nodded.

“Was it a Red Saga? That's right, the enemy. I remember. Bastard, sleeping naked was wrapped in a blanket and beaten up.”

Great, it was hard to come even then. To catch me, the snake-headed bastards very persistently climbed the mountain... … .

"uh?"

Chun Ha-jin flinched.

no way?

“… … Wouldn't it be?”

He struggled to straighten his hardened face.

“Ah, I hope it’s not your neighborhood. Cancer, no way.”

The southern part of the Central Plains is where the continent's worst demons live in groups. Therefore, in Murim, 'Southern Central Plain' is synonymous with 'Hell's Gate'.

I don't want to think that such impurities were involved in the great luck of a previous life.

No, it's not just impurities, it's bad luck itself. Isn't it the same as being thrown into living hell because dying isn't enough?

“I don’t think so. It won't be.”

Anxiety creeping up, an ominous feeling.

Cheon Ha-jin, who was anxiously pacing around, opened the door.

rattle!

"hmm?"

"uh?"

Chun Ha-jin came out and saw three men and women approaching.

The maid I've been seeing for ten days, the doctor I've been seeing occasionally.

And a man in his thirties whom I have never seen before.

“… … .”

awkward silence.

A man in his thirties knelt down and broke the silence with a blunt voice.

“Invincibility of religious beliefs, omnipresence of demons. I congratulate you on your recovery."

Chun Ha-jin narrowed his eyes.

god what?

