
great battle.

A darkness that was difficult to handle even with the numerous firelights hung at regular intervals on the left and right walls dominated the entire Daejeon area.

Bubbly.

Someone walked across the center of Daejeon. It was the sound of footsteps that coexisted with confidence and caution.

Seruk.

The man stopped walking and slowly knelt down.

“Invincibility of religious beliefs, omnipresence of demons. The great protection law of Protestantism has an audience with the religious leader.”

A low voice cut through the darkness.

After a while.

Woo woo woo.

Even in Daejeon, the darkest side of Taesa.

A pair of blue phosphorescent lights rose from it. It was a grotesque look that would cause a seizure just by looking at it if you were a weak person.

“What are you doing?”

shiver.

A cold sweat broke out on the man's neck.

Just hearing your voice makes your body tense up first. The presence that the owner of those blue eyes gave off was so great.

The man shook his head even more.

“I have something to report to you.”

self.

A faint smoke rose from the floor of Taesa. Even if he didn't say anything, I could tell that he was feeling uncomfortable.

The man understood him. No, I didn't dare to understand God, but I understood the situation he was in.

Undoubtedly, the strongest martial god of the Protestant religion is about to climb another step. I can't feel good about being interrupted at that important moment.

“Tell me.”

The man let out a sigh of relief.

“The Three Gongja have awakened.”

“The third one?”

"That's right. but... … .”

“… … .”

“I lost all martial arts due to excessive fusion.”

The time of silence that came once more was short.

“The Great Law.”

“Tell me, Master.”

“Do not post any more reports until three months after the closing.”

“… … All right."

“Go see.”

"yes. Before that, what will you do with the Three Gongja?”

The blue phosphorescence has disappeared. There was no reply either.

The man bowed his head.

“I earnestly wish you to achieve great achievements.”

After those words, how long had passed since the man withdrew?

Flash!

The blue phosphorescence that had faded spewed out lightning bolts in an instant.

* * *

Now, let's think about it.

Three swords in the belly, four spears in the back, seven arrows in the thighs and hips.

His left arm was blown off by the nails of an all-weather social misfit, and his right leg was blown off by a knife cut by a late captain of the Uicheon League. It was difficult to count the number of memorizations that filled his body, and his spine was broken by an unknown mace.

This is a fatal wound that even the Primordial Heavenly Zone cannot survive. It is an injury that will hit you from the death sentence as soon as you see it.

After all, I am only human. Therefore, it is right to die.

And I was actually blown away. I also remember that the crazy bitch pulled my neck out like a baeksuk leg.

okay. I'm dead.

by the way.

“Confucius, is the temperature okay?”

clack clack.

“Confucius, it’s time to drink the decoction.”

Gulp.

"Confucius, it's time for a massage."

oops, that's good

"Confucius, it's time to take a nap."

… … .

“Gongja-nim… … . Confucius... … .”

“… … stop."

"yes?"

“Stop it now.”

"yes?"

“Leave me alone.”

"yes?"

“Ugh.”

“Gongja?”

“… … Please leave me alone!”

The startled maid fell on her face.

“Sin, sorry! Please kill the girl!”

“If I killed you, why would I kill you?! first… … .”

“Please kill me!”

“Oh, I won’t kill you, so don’t be crazy and get out! Get out!”

“I’m sorry, Gongja-nim! I will serve you with all my heart, so please... … !”

“Aaaaaaa!”

“Hehe, black… … .”

“… … .”

“… … .”

"that… … . I have something to think about. Would you like to leave your seat?"

"yes yes!"

The maid hurriedly left the room. Even in the midst of such a hurry, I could tell how scared the opponent was just by saying hello and leaving without making a single footstep.

But Chun Ha-jin wasn't sorry at all. His mind was extremely confused and sensitive right now to take care of the feelings of the maid he didn't even know the name of.

“Damn it, what the hell is this?”

After waking up again in a new body, I was so confused that I was helpless in a daze. Well, in the first place, my muscles and joints were all stiff, so I couldn't stand up.

Anyway, that's not what's important.

“Am I really alive?”

Chun Ha-jin looked at the large mirror placed on the other side of the room.

There, a thin young man in his early twenties was sitting on a bed.

'… … The character is good.'

The overall look is fine, but the features are very distinct. It was an impression of strength and softness coexisting.

Chun Ha-jin crumpled his facial muscles. I laughed and also frowned.

'hmm.'

Even if you squash it, you're better than me. I really like that one... … not!

“Cippa, is this the time to like it!”

Calm down and let your head roll.

'First of all, where is this place? It looks like a high-ranking family.'

Could the son of a decent family have suffered from a serious illness?

Chun Ha-jin closed his eyes for a moment, then slowly opened them and let out a long sigh.

“Are you a warrior?”

The qi and cervical veins were all tangled, the blood vessels were tattered, and the dantian looked like shriveled pig urine.

However, all of those elements prove that this body has honed its internal energy. Ordinary civilians would not have come across martial arts, so it was clear that he belonged to a certain Murim family.

'By the way damn it, being alive is good.'

At this level, she was in a state comparable to that of an eighty-year-old old woman. It wouldn't be strange if he passed out soon.

“I would have been at ease if I had come as a child of a slash-and-burn farmer.”

Chun Ha-jin, who was grumbling, stopped.

"no. Where are you even alive? I'm grateful that I didn't reincarnate as a woman."

If the soul was a man but the body was a woman, it would have been very embarrassing. You may have seriously thought about your gender identity.

Chun Ha-jin clenched his fists.

Yes, let's appreciate reality and accept the situation. Didn't they say that the worst of all wastes is a waste of time?

“The important thing is being able to live again.”

My body has reached this point, but I still don't know where I am.

You can still live. You can draw your own future.

It was the first time in my life that I was able to make a 'choice'.

throbbing.

My heart raced.

The air was cool, but the nape of his neck was damp. The blood seemed to circulate twice as fast throughout the body.

'now… … .'

A long-cherished and long-cherished wish that has kept him in hell for the past years.

'Can I really live a free life now?'

The training you don't want, the killing you don't want, the control you don't want.

I lived my whole life being swayed by the Uicheon lord, an old man who would not be happy even if I chewed on him.

But isn't it because you made it stronger? If you were born as a Moorim person and rose to the ranks of a teenage master, wouldn't that in itself be an honor?

It's an unfortunate dog noise.

Even with broken limbs, they did not provide support. He didn't even get better, but he sent another assassination attempt. I didn't even count after ninety-nine times how many deaths I had passed.

I tried to meet a woman, but every bitch I met was a crazy killer, and when I tried to soothe my loneliness, the only alcohol I found was cheap baekju.

At least, do you give me a monthly salary?

The lord of Uicheon said this.

- We all support them anyway, so what are you giving them for? Do you know how to spend money?

pup. wicked bastard.

It's a truly miserable life. Teenage masters and murder kings, despite their flashy names, were nothing more than tools in the end.

“… … good."

Chun Ha-jin's face gradually turned red with excitement.

Say goodbye to the past now. No matter where I am, no matter what the status of this body is, whether I have a family or not, I don't need it.

I'll find my freedom I will live like a human.

A man's desire burst openly from his tightly clenched fist.

* * *

Ten days have passed since he came back to life with a new body.

"hmm."

Chun Ha-jin tapped the ground with his toe.

center did not collapse. The degenerated muscles were held properly, and even the stiff joints were at least flexible.

'done.'

He called for joy in his heart.

In the first place, I was not in a body that would get better with a few acupuncture points and a few massages. My stomach is full, but will the treatment work properly?

Freedom or anything else can be enjoyed only when the body is in good shape. So he made a decision to save his country.

Just removing the short circuit.

Even if it is crushed and twisted, a dantian is a dantian. However, it was self-evident that if I left it as it was, I would have to continue living like an idiot. Before that, it would not be long before he died due to the takgi rising from the rotten danteon.

It's better to take it out than to use it and even get in the way.

“Congratulations, Gongja!”

The maid, who glanced at her, prostrated herself.

“Your condition has improved, so tell the doctor right away… … .”

“Please leave for a while.”

"yes!"

The maid hurried out.

Chun Ha-jin, left alone, lay down on the bed. My joints weren't flexible enough to sit cross-legged yet.

But don't worry. It's not worth as much as Kukgeori, but it's not like he won the fame - or notoriety - of King Sal with mahjong.

He closed his eyes and opened his mouth.

'Guuiguyeon(究意九煙), Bungongrushjin(焚空碎津), Yeompajetak(念波制濁), Woowoosangmun(宇雨祥門)... … .'

Tsutsutsutsu.

Suddenly, a faint haze rose from his body.

In an instant, the temperature in the room rose. It didn't smell particularly bad, but the air was very stuffy.

it was takgi

A large amount of takgi that engulfed Cheon Ha-jin's body was released outside the body.

'good. Now it rolls on its own.'

What he operated was the study of Muae Gong (無碍功).

It was a martial art made by referring to some of the martial arts of the Gupailbang, and it had excellent efficacy in removing takgi from the body and seeking internal stability.

In his past life, Chun Ha-jin invested a great deal of time in martial arts.

Of course, of course, he had no support team at all. There was no one to detoxify, no one to cure, no one to hand over a piece of beef jerky.

To him, who had to handle everything himself, Muae Gong was a lifeline itself. The realization had to be different.

The reason Wakong (臥功) was possible was there.

'Because he's like a clumsy guy. I live thanks to you.'

It tickled all over the body. The injured blood vessels were returning to normal little by little.

Pussss.

At one point, his skin turned pale. It was because the takgi, which had not completely escaped, began to spin around inside the body.

'This far.'

Chun Ha-jin licked his lips again and opened his eyes.

“The level is still low. I can't help it.”

Well, at this point, the intended purpose has been achieved.

Chun Ha-jin, who stretched as much as he could, sat up.

“I can barely move, but… … .”

Chun Ha-jin, who was shaking his head slightly from side to side, suddenly crumpled his face.

“Where the hell is this anyway?”

There was only one, but there was a maid, and the voice of Confucius came out of the maid's mouth.

It is said that he has a high status, but for the past 10 days, no one has visited him except for the lawmakers.

I could have asked the maid something, but I forgot. If you can't heal your body anyway, even if you're here in paradise, it's meaningless.

But now I needed to find out where this place was.

“Are you there?”

No words came from outside the door.

"doesn't exist? Where did you go?”

still no words to be heard

“Sheesh, where are you going?”

Hagiya's body was at this point, so Muae-gong's fortune-telling time was quite long. Even maids are people, so they must have been hungry for Sophie or wanted to drink water.

… … Damn, I could have asked to get my personal details sorted though. You live only looking at your nose.

Cheon Ha-jin, who clicked his tongue briefly inside, closed his eyes and contemplated the inside.

'no. I'm not in a state where I can save my senses.'

A strong man who has achieved his own unique martial art by mixing the merits of a warrior and a martial artist.

What made him uniquely better than other masters was his super sense.

If the teenagers read 10 chapters, he read 30 chapters. If they felt the presence of dozens, he felt the presence of hundreds.

It was also the decisive reason why he was able to break through the Chunra Mang of the Heavenly Mansion and Iron Blood Castle. It would have been crazy for them to break through by picking only the weakest corner.

I can't implement that admirable martial art right now.

“I can’t just go out blindly.”

There is a time to be bold and a time to be considerate. Let's wait for the child to come.

Chen Ha-jin glanced around.

'It's gorgeous, but it's very fancy.'

It is a room decorated with paintings, ceramics, and all kinds of art objects. Bedding was also an expensive item made of the finest silk.

'This is a really great family... … huh?'

He rubbed the blanket with his thumb and forefinger.

'Isn't this normal silk?'

It has a much softer texture, and the engraved patterns are also different from those of the central or northern part of the continent. It was only now that I saw what I ate because I was so distracted.

'The needle dye is also a very bright red color.'

I've seen red silk until I'm tired of it, but I've never seen a color this deep... … .

what?

'hmm. I think I've seen it once.'

ah! yes.

“I think he was one of the seven magical families?”

Yeah, when I killed that high-ranking person, the bedding in that guy's room was like this.

Chun Ha-jin nodded.

“Was it a Red Saga? That's right, the enemy. I remember. Bastard, sleeping naked was wrapped in a blanket and beaten up.”

Great, it was hard to come even then. To catch me, the snake-headed bastards very persistently climbed the mountain... … .

"uh?"

Chun Ha-jin flinched.

no way?

“… … Wouldn't it be?”

He struggled to straighten his hardened face.

“Ah, I hope it’s not your neighborhood. Cancer, no way.”

The southern part of the Central Plains is where the continent's worst demons live in groups. Therefore, in Murim, 'Southern Central Plain' is synonymous with 'Hell's Gate'.

I don't want to think that such impurities were involved in the great luck of a previous life.

No, it's not just impurities, it's bad luck itself. Isn't it the same as being thrown into living hell because dying isn't enough?

“I don’t think so. It won't be.”

Anxiety creeping up, an ominous feeling.

Cheon Ha-jin, who was anxiously pacing around, opened the door.

rattle!

"hmm?"

"uh?"

Chun Ha-jin came out and saw three men and women approaching.

The maid I've been seeing for ten days, the doctor I've been seeing occasionally.

And a man in his thirties whom I have never seen before.

“… … .”

awkward silence.

A man in his thirties knelt down and broke the silence with a blunt voice.

“Invincibility of religious beliefs, omnipresence of demons. I congratulate you on your recovery."

Chun Ha-jin narrowed his eyes.

god what?

