
“Hey!”

it's tough.

It's been a long time since I've been upset, and my lungs are about to tear. The most severely abused limbs languished like weeds.

Even the long sword, which sounded as light as a whip, was now no different than hundreds of iron ingots.

I was waiting for my breathing to subside at random, but at the moment, something suddenly struck me from the inside of my chest.

“Ooooh!!”

Goddamn it, did you eat Seonjiguk for breakfast?

My eyes spun around. It was hard to come to my senses, perhaps because so much blood was spilled in an instant.

'Move, move!'

He bit his tongue. I was awakened by the excruciating pain.

grasp!

The scenery quickly changed on either side of him as he began to run forward again.

'Just a little further... … .'

Beyond this forest, there is a safe house he has secretly prepared.

All kinds of rare elixirs and medicinal materials are stored there, so if you can arrive safely, you will be able to rejuvenate your now dead body.

It was then.

'100 million?!'

Covering the bright moonlight, someone jumped down.

'Shit. Damn, it's an excellent stealth technique.'

The black sword that appeared without a sign and wielded it came aiming at the shoulder like lightning.

Chen Ha-jin's eyes shook.

'Death Army!'

The strongest assassin in the southern part of the Central Plains who waits for the right time and attacks at the right time.

Chun Ha-jin instinctively twisted his body.

Chow ah!

A deep wound was engraved on the chest of the masked man who collapsed.

Killed one of the three best assassins in the world in one blow. Normally, I would have given her a glance, but now is not the time to do that.

The situation was too bad for me to dwell on my feelings.

Papababak!

how long did it run

'Suck!'

Chun Ha-jin stopped for a moment and looked around.

night forest. The field of view is not properly secured. The eyes that could see through the darkness were second to none, but the trees were densely covered.

'… … .'

The bubbling breathing just stopped. Rather, the body calmed down when it was extremely dangerous.

Chen Ha-jin took a deep breath and closed his eyes.

After a while.

"come out."

As I uttered a calm word, an admiring voice flowed from the far front.

“Are you great?”

Bubbly.

A woman who approaches, revealing herself completely as if there is no reason to hide her presence.

Gee ying.

It was such a great prayer that she hallucinated as if all the thick trees were leaning to the left and right of the path she was walking on.

Chun Ha-jin's face was distorted like crumpled paper.

There are so many people I hate to see in the world, but among them, one of the people I hate the most has appeared.

“King Biyo.”

The woman smiled.

“It’s an honor, you remember me. Did you see it five or six years ago?”

Although she was an unparalleled beauty with an appearance that seemed to be just over 30 and a mature atmosphere, Chun Ha-jin was not fooled by her appearance.

She looks like she can't kill a single bug on the outside, but in reality, she's a crazy killer who says that if she doesn't commit murder for even a day, she will suffer from insomnia.

Seruk.

King Biyo laughed at the sight of Cheon Ha-jin aiming a sword at her.

“Are you going to fight?”

“We don’t have any hobbies that we quietly stick out again.”

“Just go easy? I don't think I'll be able to last a couple of days anyway.”

“Won’t you know how long and short it is?”

“Does it make sense if you dare to say something you know just by looking at it?”

“It’s good, I know a lot. If I eat about sixty, will I become as knowledgeable as you?”

King Biyo's face grew cold.

Appearing to be in her thirties, she was actually in her sixties. It is to maintain the beauty of youth with eye makeup.

Of course, I had no choice but to be sensitive about talking about my age.

King Biyo snorted.

“I can’t do anything to die.”

"You're going to live if I beg you?"

“At least I can give you the generosity of not tearing your ribs off before you die.”

such a cruel year.

Chun Ha-jin's eyes were bloodshot.

“It’s okay, so come in quickly if you want to come in, bitch.”

"oh? Do you really think there is some secret?”

“What’s so scary about a sixty-year-old grandmother who only knows how to speak softly?”

King Biyo stared blankly at Cheon Ha-jin, who was pouring out harsh words as if he had made up his mind.

'… … not good.'

A cold sweat broke out on Chen Ha-jin's back.

King Biyo is one of the ten masters in the world. If you have skills that are counted among ten fingers in the endless midfield continent, you should just look at them as monsters.

Of course, Chun Ha-jin was no different.

He was also called the Killing King and was considered one of the top 10 masters.

The problem was that his martial arts specialized in assassination rather than head-to-head combat. Even after a chase that lasted for several days, his physical condition was at its worst.

It was a fight with a clear outcome.

Of course, it would be different if he used the one move that made him come through the crisis so far.

Weiying.

When Cheon Ha-jin's long sword had a blue energy, King Biyo's eyes also stood out.

The energy emanating from the sword was unusual. He deserved to be called one of the top 10 masters to extract such energy from a body that wouldn't be strange even if he lost his breath right away.

However, it was not because of Chun Ha-jin's potential that she was surprised.

“It was true.”

"what?"

“That you were a murderer that you decided and raised in the Uicheon League.”

“… … !”

Chun Ha-jin's face hardened.

King Biyo smiled.

“As expected, there must have been a reason why Iron Blood Castle requested me.”

If Uicheonmaeng thoroughly pursued the right way, the iron-blooded castle pursued the path that lies on the border between politics and politics.

The reason why the iron-blooded castle made a request directly to King Biyo.

“Your true qi is permeated with disgusting jeong qi and good qi. It's definitely from the Gudaemun faction.”

It was because King Biyo inherited the teachings of the evil god, who was called the hero of Sapa in the past.

It was her martial arts that could detect political martial arts most sensitively and accurately, except for the magical arts of the Cheonma Shinkyo (天魔神敎), which had been banned from external activities for more than 30 years.

“What difference does knowing that make?”

“It will change.”

King Biyo's eyes shone brightly.

“A lot of things can change.”

Chun Ha-jin didn't ask what it was.

Taking a breath, he said.

“It must have been Sang-Blood that captured Sagun and Jeoksaloo.”

King Biyo smiled.

"that's right. And all the elite members of the Eight Iron Kings you killed in three days belonged to the Iron Blood Castle.”

“… … .”

“It's really great. I wondered how they were able to kill so many masters, no matter how much they aimed to capture them alive.”

It was no wonder that King Biyo was surprised.

The 8 Cheolwangsae were the eight powers that supported Danggeum Iron Blood Castle.

Although the number of individual members was small, each one was an organization composed of top-notch masters. He single-handedly killed as many as two hundred of them and fled.

Even the day before, even the heavenly and earthly twins, said to be approaching the level of a teenager, were slaughtered in half an hour.

Considering that he suffered internal and external injuries as well as problems with physical strength and endurance, it was a truly terrifying feat. It is not enough to be called the death god, not the king of death.

One reason why this is possible.

"I'm sure you've learned the old school's martial arts. It is also a secret skill.”

Chen Ha-jin did not answer. You wouldn't believe it even if you denied it, and it was true.

Chun Ha-jin, who was still glaring at King Biyo, suddenly smiled.

“I can understand why you, who likes to spill blood more than talk, talk a lot.”

"What? Guess."

“It must be an extension of the reason why the Iron Blood Castle wanted to capture me alive. He wanted confidential information about the Gupa martial arts and Uicheon League from me.”

King Biyo smiled.

“You are smart.”

It's a fact that you can know if you think about it until you're not very stupid.

However, he is Cheon Ha-jin, who has not been able to sleep for three days.

The ability to observe the situation so calmly with a body that would not be strange even if he died right away was something that no one could show.

However, Chun Ha-jin's insight did not end there.

“Of course you don’t intend to end there, do you?”

"what?"

“Aren’t you planning on robbing the old school of martial arts, confidential information, and ignoring the request of the Iron Blood Castle?”

King Biyo's face hardened.

Chen Ha-jin looked up at the sky and sighed.

“Anyway, why are there so many people who are not loyal to Gangho?”

Uicheon Meng put on the mask of justice and trained a killer like himself behind the scenes.

Not only did they train them, but they threw them into a hell where they couldn't survive unless they killed each other. At that time, Cheon Ha-jin was only 13 years old.

There is only one reason why Uicheonmaeng trained so viciously.

It was to kill the other two of the three generations of Gangho, the Iron Blood Castle and the heads of the Heavenly Demon Goddess. By doing so, it was to create a world of Uicheonmaeng completely.

And Chun Ha-jin grew very powerfully according to the wishes of Ui-Chun-Ming.

King Biyo licked his lips.

“You are very quick to notice.”

“Thank you for the compliment.”

It's an expression that seems to be oblivious to some unknown reason.

King Biyo comforted him with kind words.

“I don't need anything else. Confidential documents of the Uicheon League are good, but what am I going to do on my own? but… … .”

her eyes sparkled

“Gupa’s martial arts. Just give it to me and I will save you.”

“You are already dying. Not a very attractive deal.”

“Is it because of the blood?”

Chen Ha-jin's eyes widened.

“Do you know blood?”

King Biyo snorted.

“I passed the school of the evil god. He is well versed in witchcraft and science, as well as all kinds of poisons.”

“… … Right."

“And if you are my sailor, I can remove the blood from your body.”

Blood.

It was the worst method used by Uicheonmaeng to control the overly strong Chun Ha-jin. As long as the blood clots in his body, he will never betray his will.

Yes. As long as there is blood.

Chun Ha-jin laughed.

King Biyo flinched.

“Why are you laughing?”

“Hey, Grandma Biyo.”

“… … .”

“Did you think I was being chased by the Sangvis Castle?”

"what?"

Chun Ha-jin playfully flicked his long sword.

“Because I kept doing that for three days, three days, I wanted something. yes. For three days, I was chased 'only' by the Sangvis.”

"then?"

“Today is seven weeks. I was being chased by the Uicheon Blindness, I.”

King Biyo felt terrified at the words of Cheon Ha-jin, who gnashed his teeth and spat out as if he was fed up.

If so, does that mean that he killed all the masters of that level with the body that shook off the troops of the Uicheonmaeng?

“Why in the Uicheon League… … ? Did you, by any chance, decipher the blood?"

Chen Ha-jin was silent.

She was right. He detoxified blood clots seven days ago.

The Uicheon Meng side immediately recognized it. Like other solitudes, blood is also divided into male and female, and if one dies, the other is not safe.

'shit.'

teeth were split

In order to get out of the hell called Uicheonmaeng, he was benevolent for thirty years.

I already knew how to detoxify blood clots five years ago. However, at the time, I had no confidence to escape if I was trapped in their dream.

There was a reason why he trained with blood and sweat for five years.

Anyway, in four days, he broke through the Chunra of the Uicheon League.

I couldn't have imagined that even the Sangvis would intervene in this mess.

'It's a fucking life, a fucking world.'

At first, laments came out.

As time passed, I even thought about giving up on life.

now?

Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa

King Biyo took a step back without realizing it.

Chun Ha-jin, who closed his eyes while holding his long sword tightly, let out a terrifying life. It was the murder of King Sal, the first murderer in the world and the secret former member of the Gudaemun faction.

Chun Ha-jin opened his eyes.

Flash!

Explosive anger formed in the glowing eyes.

“Gupa’s martial arts? will you save me? It sucks. Do you know that you don’t know the poisonous mind like Sagal of yours?”

King Biyo swallowed his saliva without realizing it.

If you stick, you will definitely win. However, in front of this tremendous spirit, I couldn't help but stiffen my body for a moment.

“I lived in the hands of others for thirty years. I feel sorry for my life now.”

Woo woo woo!

The light burning from the long sword became stronger, and later, even the blade was not visible.

“I will say it one last time. Get out of the way, get off this stage in peace.”

“… … .”

"Then at least you'll be able to save that filthy life."

King Biyo's face distorted like a demon at once.

“Where is this guy who is dying bluffing!”

Chun Ha-jin growled.

“You stupid bitch! I'm not the problem! Even the troops of the Uicheonmaeng, who had been thrown off because of the iron-blooded ones, caught up again!”

“What, what?!”

“And if you have a head, think about it! You're iron-blooded, don't you know your greed! It's obvious that there will be a tosagupaeng!”

King Biyo's eyes shook.

Perhaps because of his high level of martial arts and arrogance, he did not seem to have thought that he would be robbed no matter how great the opponent was.

"Move! Let's find our own way to live!”

“… … .”

“If you don’t get out of the way, everyone will die… … .”

"don't worry."

King Biyo grinned.

As she slowly lifted her hand, her manicured nails grew longer and turned red.

“I'm not an idiot like you. And I never let the one who insulted me live.”

Whoa!

A thick evil spirit was released from King Biyo's body.

An aura far more unique than living. The masters who felt the fraud began to flock from far away.

“Aren’t you going to tell me? Your eyes look like that.”

Flash!

Beyond the suffocating fraud, even a frenzied life flowed out.

“Then die, you worthless bastard.”

Chun Ha-jin smiled.

It was a laugh mixed with all sorts of emotions, including anger, sadness, desperation, and despair.

“I will prove my usefulness, bitch.”

Faaaaang!

Chun Ha-jin ran towards her.

King Biyo also ran towards him.

The knives and nails of the two men and women collided head-on.

Quaang!

